# Word on Cloud
> Word on cloud is a word game developed using AWS services, node js and react js. Our application will require registered users to log in to the game, also they need to be verified users. On login, the user will get two options. One option is to create a word and the other is to play. 

> When a user selects the option to play, they will be given a grid to enter a random word which can be guessed from the number of letters that word has. On guessing the word, the user will be provided with a hint on to how much extent the word is correct. If a letter of the word guessed is present in the actual word and is also present at the right place the letter will be highlighted in green, if the letter guessed is present in the actual word but is not at the right position then it will be highlighted in the gray and if the letter guessed is not present in the actual word, then it will be highlighted red. For example, the actual word is “cloud”, and someone guesses the word as “drone”. Here we can see that “o” is at the correct position so it will be highlighted green, “d” is present in the actual word but not at the correct position so it will be gray, “r”, “n” and “e” are not present in actual word so they will be highlighted in red color. The player will also be able to check the leaderboard which will show the number of times they have guessed the correct word, the average number of attempts, the average time it took for the correct attempt, and where they stand as compared to other people who played this word. In this format, the same word will be displayed to all people at a certain time to make the leaderboard unbiased. This word will change at specific intervals. Now let’s say the user forgot the password! Yes, they can update it. We will send a change password email to the user. 

> When the user selects the option to create a game. They can decide if they want to provide the hint in form of a question or just a word. Once they submit the hint and the answer, a link will be generated which can be shared with the group of people who wants to play. When this shared link is visited, the player does not require to register themselves. They can play directly, and this link will remain valid only for a specific time. In this format, we do not display the leaderboard. 

> In building this game we are using Amazon Web Services like Elastic Beanstalk, Lambda for computing, DynamoDB and s3 for storage, VPC for Network, and others. 
